chore: Add 1.2.2 release notes (#6119)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2024-02-15-bismuth.md

---
author: Jakub Ciesluk
title: Metals v1.2.2 - Bismuth
authorURL: https://github.com/jkciesluk
authorImageURL: https://github.com/jkciesluk.png
---

We're happy to announce the release of Metals v1.2.2, which fixes broken sbt builds on Windows.

<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Commits since last release</td>
    <td align="center">9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Merged PRs</td>
    <td align="center">9</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Contributors</td>
    <td align="center">4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Closed issues</td>
    <td align="center">4</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For full details: [https://github.com/scalameta/metals/milestone/64?closed=1](https://github.com/scalameta/metals/milestone/64?closed=1)

Metals is a language server for Scala that works with VS Code, Vim, Emacs and
Sublime Text. Metals is developed at the
[Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) and [VirtusLab](https://virtuslab.com)
with the help from contributors from the community.

## TL;DR

Check out [https://scalameta.org/metals/](https://scalameta.org/metals/), and
give Metals a try!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Fix sbt builds on Windows](#fix-sbt-builds-on-windows)

## Fix sbt builds on Windows

> Previous release unintentionally broke some sbt builds on Windows. In this release we revert the breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous release unintentionally stopped some sbt projects on Windows from importing. In this release we revert the breaking changes.
```

## Miscellaneous

- bugfix: Deduplicate references results. [kasiaMarek](https://github.com/kasiaMarek)
- bugfix: Don't rename package when it did not change. [kasiaMarek](https://github.com/kasiaMarek)
- bugfix: properly resolve build targets for references search

>   [\#6103](https://github.com/scalameta/metals/pull/6103)

Reviewer 2: Not needed.
